In Baakaafra, the highest village in Lebanon was born the son of Joseph Antoun Makhlouf on the 8TH of May, 1828 in the house which today is known the monastery of St. Charbel for Lebanese Maronite Order. Saint Charbel has showed a tendency to prayer since childhood. This was shown through serving Mass and procession down the original church of Our Lady, which dates back to the age of the 11th century, where still stand the baptismal font. When he went to the field to feed the cows, he would enter a cave to be alone and dedicate his time to pray and meditate, which today it is known to be the nunnery of Lebanese Maronite. This Holy place of worship you can find miraculous water.


Joseph decided to leave his parents house at the age of 23 and joined the Lebanese Maronite Order. His first year was in Mayfouq Monastery of Our Lady, and then left to join the Monastery of Saint Maroun, where he completed his second year of initiation. Appointed by pupils' presidents, Joseph was sent to the monastery Kfifan where he spent six years in the study of philosophy and theology where he received support and nurture from following monks especially the grace of God the Father Hardini, known as the "saint of Kfifan." Father Charbel was ordained a priest, in Bkirki by the Archbishop Joseph Marid in July 23rd, 1859. Father Charbel lived in the Monastery of Saint Maroun, after ordination, for 16 years, a veteran in monastic virtues, especially in humility and obedience. Under Gods inspiration, father Charbel asked permission to live as a hermit.


Saint Charbel has showed a tendency to prayer since childhood. This was shown through serving Mass and procession down the original church of Our Lady, which dates back to the age of the 11th century, where still stand the baptismal font. When he went to the field to feed the cows, he would enter a cave to be alone and dedicate his time to pray and meditate, which today it is known to be the nunnery of Lebanese Maronite. This Holy place of worship you can find miraculous water.
Joseph decided to leave his parents house at the age of 23 and joined the Lebanese Maronite Order. His first year was in Mayfouq Monastery of Our Lady, and then left to join the Monastery of Saint Maroun where he completed his second year of initiation. Appointed by pupils' presidents, Joseph was sent to the monastery Kfifan where he spent six years in the study of philosophy and theology where he received
support and nurture from following
monks especially the grace of God the
Father Hardini, known as the "saint of Kfifan." Father Charbel was ordained a priest, in Bkirki by the Archbishop Joseph Marid in July 23rd, 1859. Father Charbel lived in the Monastery of Saint Maroun, after ordination, for 16 years, a veteran in monastic virtues, especially in humility and obedience.
Under Gods inspiration, father Charbel asked permission to live as a hermit. Father Superior disagreed at first at such seclusion in the hermit easily. Father Charbel asked the servant to fill the lamp with oil but instead he filled it with water. The lamp gave light ordinarily. Due to this miracle, Father Superior received a vision of the lamp miracle and agreed for Father Charbel's seclusion.
For the remaining 23 years of his existence, father Charbel lived an extremely hard life one of severe mortification. He slept on a straw mattress with a plank for a pillow and one meal of the day was content to eat the leftovers from the monastery. He displayed a remarkable devotion to the Eucharist, spending hours and preparing for mass and hours of thanksgiving afterwards.
And in 1898, the previous week before Christmas, proceeded to recite the Liturgy of the hermit, as usual. So that was followed by the words of consecration and reached into the cup and the elevation of the Eucharist. As this was taking place, Father Charbel suffered a stroke but, continued increasing the communion cup and fingers and strained onto it. Father Makarios his companion managed to disarm the cup and of the Eucharist from his hands and carried him to his room. He died on Christmas Eve.
After three days, Father Charbel was buried in the monastery. The people of the neighborhood saw in the night of his burial bright light sparkling above his tomb, and the repeated appearance of the light for 45
nights.
And because of the paranormal, authorized Patriarch Elias Hewaik to open his tomb, and found his body unscathed from corruption, and was mixed with the blood from his waist in water, and took his body.
exudes a bloody sweat. His body was returned to a new tomb in 1926.
And in 1950, on April 22, revealed the body
of medical and church committees. That his body intact is true, as it was before, immersed in his own blood.
The spread of the blood phenomenon
brought thousands of people to the
monastery. Many incidents of healing miracles were performed around the shrine. All over Lebanon and the world, the news of these incidents brought many visitors to flood the corridors of
the monastery, praying, repenting, and submission.
And in 1965, at the conclusion of the
Second Vatican Council, Pope Paul VI
beautified Saint Charbel to the honor of the
altars. The church was built in his name in Aannaya, Pope Paul VI announced blessed saint Charbel in the ninth month of October
1977.
Saint Charbel prayers be with us. Amen. (Quoting Synaxarium Maronite Adapted)
spiritual words
>
novano of Saint Charbel
>
rosary of saint Charbel
>